Remove outdated section "Receiving binary data in older browsers" (#36947)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xmlhttprequest_api/sending_and_receiving_binary_data/index.md

{{DefaultAPISidebar("XMLHttpRequest API")}}

## Receiving binary data

The `responseType` property of the XMLHttpRequest object can be set to change the expected response type from the server. Possible values are the empty string (default), `"arraybuffer"`, `"blob"`, `"document"`, `"json"`, and `"text"`. The `response` property will contain the entity body according to `responseType`, as an `ArrayBuffer`, `Blob`, `Document`, `JSON`, or string. This is `null` if the request is not complete or was not successful.

> This example reads an image as a binary file and creates an 8-bit unsigned integer array from the raw bytes. Note that this will not decode the image and read the pixels. You will need a [png decoding library](https://github.com/foliojs/png.js) for that.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should replace this with a link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ImageDecoder ?

Author: I think this is absolutely correct :+1:

{{DefaultAPISidebar("XMLHttpRequest API")}}

## Receiving binary data

The `responseType` property of the XMLHttpRequest object can be set to change the expected response type from the server. Possible values are the empty string (default), `"arraybuffer"`, `"blob"`, `"document"`, `"json"`, and `"text"`. The `response` property will contain the entity body according to `responseType`, as an `ArrayBuffer`, `Blob`, `Document`, `JSON`, or string. This is `null` if the request is not complete or was not successful.

> This example reads an image as a binary file and creates an 8-bit unsigned integer array from the raw bytes. Note that this will not decode the image and read the pixels. This can be done with the [ImageDecoder](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ImageDecoder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example reads an image as a binary file and creates an 8-bit unsigned integer array from the raw bytes. Note that this will not decode the image and read the pixels. This can be done with the {{domxref("ImageDecoder")}} interface.
```

## Submitting forms and uploading files

See [`FormData`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData).

## See also

> - [Downloading Binary Streams with Javascript XMLHttpRequest](https://web.archive.org/web/20071103070418/http://mgran.blogspot.com/2006/08/downloading-binary-streams-with.html) — explanation of receiving binary data in older browsers.

Reviewer: I would omit this. We don't generally document obsolete technology on MDN.

Author: Agreed, removed this link :ok_hand:
